Updated NOR manager role (#2396)
OBOFoundry/OBOFoundry.github.io: docs/roles/RoleNORManager.md

### Supporting the New Ontology requestor to pass the OBO Dashboard

For many New Ontology requestors it is not always easy to interpret the warnings on the OBO Dashboard. The NOR Manager is responsible for supporting the requestor interpreting the dashboard (but _not_ to fix the problems). There is no need to dig deep into the ontologies to diagnose problems - that is the requestors responsibility - but pointing to documentation like the [OBO Foundry Principles](https://obofoundry.org/principles/fp-000-summary.html) may be necessary.

In addition, some checks need to be carried out manually by the NOR manager until sufficiently reliable automatic checks are available. A non exhaustive list includes:

> - URIs: check if it includes "https"  and if it conforms with the overall format "http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/XXX"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- URIs: check if it includes "https"  and if it [conforms with the overall format](http://obofoundry.org/id-policy) "http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ONTOLOGY_"
```

> - Object properties: check if object properties are imported from the OBO-relations ontology. Check if domains and ranges are specified for created object properties.

Reviewer: I dont think this should be done by the NOR, too difficult during a cursory review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Release artefact: check if release artefacts are identified as such and if different kinds of artefacts (base vs full for example) are released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Release artefact: check if release artefacts are identified as such and ensure that, alongside a "main release", a base release is provided which **does not include imported terms**.
```

> - Imports: check how external classes and object properties are imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Imports: Ensure that there is a mechanism in place to update imported terms (classes and properties).
```
